you've been waiting for a crisis and I'm
here to tell you it's not the one that
you anticipated you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video we're going to look at
something that many didn't expect but
here we are it's important to look at
the jobs Market it's important to look
at what's happening with Freight it's
important to look at things that are
happening in China as well but wherever
you look understand that there is
usually the opposite scenario that
unfolds based on what most people
thought if most people thought it's
going to go left it's probably going to
go right that's just the way it is and
everybody expects a deflationary
environment and the super mega crash
that gives you the opportunity of a
lifetime but understand that that's not
nearly uh what occurs because there's
too many people thinking that way in
fact while the market is pessimistic in
its mentality that look we're getting a
little too crazy nobody's trading that
way nobody's investing that way there's
something going on let me show you I'll
explain
here we have it a new headache for
bosses employees aren't quitting just
last year companies were struggling to
keep staff now they say there not enough
people are leaving their jobs they want
people to go they want to get rid of
them they w't pay them but they're just
hanging on and of course in some cases
it's difficult to fire them they don't
want to package them out they just want
to leave on your own will just just go
just go get out of here but that's not
the case all right turnover has declined
so steeply at some large employers that
companies Now find themselves over
budget on certain teams requiring
leaders to weigh whether to postpone
projects or to cut additional staff at
the end of the year other bosses worry
about how to keep their star employees
engaged when there are far fewer vacant
positions internally making harder to
move people into new roles that's big
stuff okay that's the big corporations
and we know that but what are companies
doing a lot of them are laying off a lot
of of others are saying we're trying to
replace employees with AI with
Automation and with robotics this is not
just me saying this I covered this on
the money GPS Finance live just recently
and I quoted Perry beler If you're not
aware who Perry beler is this guy has
been around a long time since you know
the 90s doing a lot of things very
successful guy and his company back in
the day was actually approached by none
other than
Jeff Bezos Jeff Bezos he has this thing
called amazon.com at the time and he
calls up Perry beler and he basically
says hey we'll make you an offer Perry
Belcher said in the end he didn't accept
the offer um things were different back
then and he basically said that cost me
probably about $750 million now he's
still successful in things but the point
is I'm just trying to show you that this
is somebody who's been around a long
time made a lot of good decisions and
this guy specifically said a you new
things I I watched you know some some
information that he had to share and he
said companies across the board are
implementing and are trying to implement
AI Automation and Robotics completely
going in line with what I have said and
this is the high level guy you got to
understand that he's seeing this on the
ground building companies the guy's got
countless companies he works for
countless companies uh Consulting and
everything else they are doing this so
the jobs Market is different you go
through recycle you don't hire back you
implement AI you increase profit anytime
a company is going to in Implement some
sort of AI Robotics and so on they're
going for increased profit that could
make their stock look more attractive so
if you're an invester look at that but
if you are an employee realize is this
trying like is this company going in
that direction watch out be careful who
could this possibly affect auditing
companies financial companies
mortgage I mean there's most Industries
could be reduced significantly their
headcount could be reduced there's a lot
of companies that will like Financial
companies back office they might
Outsource some of it but they can also
use a lot of new tools that exist today
that didn't exist let's say 5 years ago
they can read a document they can
process that document and now all you
need is quality control you don't need
people doing data entry Gone Gone of the
days so watch out be very clear where
your skills are and what you need to
upskill on City Group considers deep job
cuts for CEO Jane
frasers overhaul called project Bora
Bora you probably heard of this before
but the the point all that is is to say
that many different companies are laying
people off it's not just the financial
industry I'm I'm seeing across the board
Griffin says peace dividend is over High
inflation to last decades higher
Baseline inflation May last for decades
and the US is spending like a drunken
sailor deficit is unsustainable you've
heard me talk about this before numerous
occasions but understand the Federal
Reserve they have to be the buyer of
last Reserve they could to buy that debt
up that is created by the government and
that means that your value of your
dollars has to go down this is
inevitable it's not just Ken Griffin
it's not just from Citadel it's not just
rid alio it's not just war and Buffet
this is this is going on more deficits
are expected and as a result salt simple
matter of fact they have to either give
a higher interest rate on that meaning
that the US government longterm they
just can't pay
that or directly the Federal Reserve
monetizes that debt and what does that
mean that means that they have to go in
print a bunch of money and buy that
stuff up either way long-term
medium-term short-term devaluation of
the currency you could have a
deflationary event that could happen but
it's met with inflation heavy inflation
in fact what we saw from 2020 into 2023
that was inflation prices of everything
have gone up you got to know one like
the the my base case scenario is that we
experience another round of that what do
we experience I mean real estate prices
went up by
50% that's not good that's that's that's
very
unhealthy and where are we going to like
how's that going to happen people can't
afford it oh there's don't worry there's
there's always money it can come from
somewhere as soon as prices start coming
down a little bit you have a investor
that comes in and buys that up oh don't
worry Blackstone will buy it don't worry
one of these big conglomerates will buy
that you don't have to worry about Jack
and Jill buying up that house people are
thinking they're thinking this is
completely wrong way these companies are
waiting for prices to come down just a
little bit so that they can get in there
and buy them up and rent them back to
you don't you get it don't you see they
don't they don't have to worry about the
price value the valuation of those Homes
single family homes that they're renting
it to you they have to worry about their
cash flow and as long as they can make
it cash flow they can get into that
investment I hope you understand what
I'm saying here this is extremely
valuable information right on The
Cutting Edge if you do agree with me hit
that thumbs up if you disagree put it in
the comments below let's have that
discussion are you willing to come on
what's it going to hurt all right let's
do it Taylor Swift fans in Argentina
have camped out in tents for five months
in order to be front row at the arrow
tour people are very upset with us I I
had to read the article when I read that
title shocked but essentially they're
taking turns in a tent uh because they
want to see Taylor Swift now um I don't
know what to say about that but it shows
us that people are willing to spend
money there
is you know they said that this actually
boosted the
economy as well as you know the Barbie
movie and all these things people are
spending the money but what do we know
about it they're spending more on their
credit cards they're getting into more
debt they're doing the buy now pay later
they're doing these things at a time in
which things are very expensive when we
are at the end of a cycle it is
extremely dangerous of course but I
wanted to signal that that people people
will go Wy coyote right off the cliff if
that's what it takes don't expect there
to be like this this slowdown people
tell you that you know uh you know
there's there's a warning indicator here
they don't know they don't know they
haven't studied the history it is an
absolute fact that retail sales will not
necessarily decline in advance of a
recession a doesn't happen the D is not
there to support
that but you know you don't get that in
most places soaring us child care costs
are weighing on spending in the labor
market there's no question about that
people have to pay for their child care
costs that have gone up as they say
right here 32% since 2019 what kind of
nonsense are they telling you about 3%
inflation rate I mean it is a slap in
the face right in the I just got slapped
right in the face face when I read that
when I read that stat right in the face
housing affordability hits a 39-year low
it's fair to expect prices to weaken
yeah sure absolutely they can weaken how
much though well if you're in a
tary place like not not the primary
places but we're talking about you know
the third right levels and the smaller
towns and those things yeah absolutely
prices can weaken uh but with the way
things are going you understand people
are sitting waiting there in
treasuries and they just want to put
their money in into a hard asset and
they're waiting for that opportunity but
the prices are too high right now
they've got the cash in treasuries
there's a lot of money sitting there but
they want to invest it in something like
real estate they want the cash flow they
want the tangible asset but they're
getting 5% on their money so why bother
just put it in put it in there let's
wait maybe maybe prices will come down
who knows at the same time if they're
going to be buying more real estate if
they're going to be buying more stocks
or who knows whatever that makes it even
harder for the government because they
cannot go into the debt that they
thought they could before it causes a
contraction of the economy as well so
pay attention to that Target CEO says
Shoppers are pulling back even on
groceries there is no question about
that that people do not have the cash to
spend like they did before why well
they've already gone to the maximum in
their credit cards this is this is crazy
a trillion a trillion dollars a record
high in usage of credit cards and guess
what at the highest interest rate we've
ever seen it over 20% a lot of these
cards are at 25 to 28% interest rate you
can never pay that back it's impossible
let's be honest it's impossible so they
go bankrupt when they go bankrupt that
has a cascading effect too many
bankruptcies defaults
uh that starts to affect the companies
the companies start laying off one thing
leads to another and you have a big
issue retail vacancy in major vacancy
rates in major cities have soared as
much as
30% since uh 2020 in some Superstar
Urban cores uh they could Rise by
another 26% this decade so of course
you're seeing that like Fifth Avenue and
all these places there there vacancies
everywhere and what do they do they did
they like decrease their price and hey
everybody come on in not at all they
leave them boarded up that's the world
we are in today where they're not really
willing to accept lower price
necessarily in a lot of these places
they are they are empty and they've been
empty for a long time they are unwilling
to because then all the other ones they
start to say oh you you decrease the
price for them I want to I want to
decrease price as well and it causes
this problem widespread they they can't
do that they won't be able to meet their
obligations on their debt that's the
issue we've got right now big concerns
all around and so you got to realize
something you got to know that there may
not be an opportunity of this big crisis
50% crash you're going to come in and
swoop in you got to get your situation
right you got to be able to increase
your income by
50% year-over-year now that's that I
said that that's difficult or at the
same time with the pillars of prosperity
there's increasing income but you also
got to understand that you can be be
more self-sufficient so that your
expenses go down but you can only
squeeze so much but you still got to try
as best you can if you want to know uh
about you know to speak to a cfp you
want to speak to a fiduciary and you
want to do so for free for free I hugged
up with this company I partnered with
them specifically because I wanted to
offer a free service from you know from
somebody who that you know seems good
and all the feedback I've got has been
very good so far and and it's money
pickle so you can go there click on that
link it's going to bring you directly
into my little portal page that they set
up and you book book A Time right there
with them get your situation in order
start today I've also created compass
for you which is on my website the money
gps.com but check it out why not it's
free take the call that they get and and
it's there's not they are not allowed to
make it a sales pitch I have made that
very clear with them and leave me some
feedback okay comment of the day sour
West says they'll just change the
definition of recession again like they
did last time we are truly living in a
clown world and just under that as well
government already said no recession
someone clearly didn't trust the
economics that's right don't wait on the
the whole recession indication we've got
to know that with the real stuff the
real data that's what we're facing today
I hope you appreciated this if you did
hit that Thumbs Up Button if you
disagree let's talk about it let's have
that argument I hope that you will join
me in tomorrow's video where I've got
more jam-packed information I'll see you
then take care